she waited oh oh my god Becca's here to
see it okay or you said a mouthful oh oh
oh no shake it okay sure yeah my god man
that's not gonna like recording anywhere
near is oh oh how long does it say oh my
god jective dunk oh you know what Nikki
you can explain what the hell where
where the hell we've been and such dope
ok hmm well we did this before you
didn't see us do it though ah you know
terror and his superior técnico we
haven't done this in a while yeah i'm
sorry i haven't talked except for the
mirrors edge places besides me miras I
suppose I haven't talked to anybody uh
well take this spider okay no that's
boring uh okay like we recorded all this
already we're like almost well how far
are really three games when we recorded
I don't even remember where we almost
done uh we were close to done with the
game don't make me have much more pissed
well then the second offense recording
enjoyed our fridge with with great great
stuff yeah we had a juanique call yes
you got the name right well by the way
that's awesome you're right that yeah is
that still doesn't go it's not it's not
bleeding you're just like wiping the toy
sword it's so awesome all right
sprinting more of this body that was
pumped for some reason I hate spiders
they like to do like they attack the car
he was taking his pitch Oh until that
alone I also had to play the game over
oh yeah cuz
we were playing and reporting thinking
we were recording oh yeah and the reason
why we didn't get it on YouTube this
goes the one Sarah's Mike yes that's
woods which wasn't good if we don't read
it I we didn't have to worry I'm
happening right now like we had black
button todoke antidote hold orange there
we go okay uh catches up my hitch with
all the way down what happened like
where you we didn't have into this
market on you from you I used I forgot
this microphone at in the city I left it
in the city and I had to use a different
microphone like an idiot and it was like
a really crappy you would be my career
was likely going Travie decided not to
afford it your crush alright so if you
don't have any antidotes just let your
health go all the way down then use a
health potion I'm just gonna be lazy did
you run run I'm Adam on a Monday my
heart stood still I doo Ron Ron drive a
dealer down that's like the second
that's like we're better off with my
soundtrack oh yeah sunday we're gonna do
the podcast oh yeah reminding you you
add an art to my depression by tony
chemistry chemistry I would kick the
spider wow you know what's this go ahead
why here anymore just you're like that's
your sound effect on we're stepping on
fear and got up here that's why I was
smacking it or status
he was they should have added a kill
like you just kick them whoa the hell is
this a spider and half that's it well
that's a gigantic spider turn you know
this is not going to be anywhere near as
good quality as the mayor's I place room
well that's because I like it this movie
but they not have to give you my
character cannot capture this maceration
what it would take for days no but that
damn will die this isn't good I don't
like this I don't like this I don't like
what this is going though we're going to
live again or to live again your such
places quo you know we're running out of
material when recording ourselves hmm
okay where am I going I gone up here I'm
going down there am I going everywhere
yeah let my stamina go up oh I thought
you liked just for a row I thought it
was one this is the easiest secret area
to ever just ever put in the game ever I
thought you could pick them up like and
buy me my tape I don't you pick up for
drug like he was going your inventory
mmm oh you mean like smack someone with
a key Oh My Kingdom our corpse ah well
you can technically i did my me i'm
gonna like army like equip your
characters with a corpse I'll that be
all is swinging him around doesn't make
any sense that's how awesome it is
exactly my god dark messiah to instead
of my again like in a horse's we have
your RPG to make we have the what's we
can't do in copyright thing
so we gotta come with a new name for
this kind of thing I hate this part so
very very much movement you have to
climb this go all the way this usually
causes a glitch oh this is what we did
yes this is the protocol I'm actually
have some footage of this on youtube uh
no i recorded like well are uh David
Wright stop recording right now I'm
going to trust men stopped working I
mean suffering perhaps next to me record
just so we get like everything up until
here just because screw up we will and
i'm getting my phone ready to record
okay so what you do is just part is you
have to scale these shoes royce kill the
spiders first what is your kind of
staring motion yes with the Rope of
Julian on the screen mm-hmm you're gonna
want to what the hell oh crap take this
wires off the spider is in me right what
the hell who cares I just glitched the
game kick the spiders off oh my god I
because I'm gonna see him girl they're
all having seizures and I die I heard my
phone so great
and record all right
okay maybe not
kick them oh wow did I survive that you
work at all day mana which I finally the
matter okay all right moment of truth
before I run out of memory on my phone
Wow your memory has less room in my
external hard oh yeah but I can always
put this stuff on my own you're now my
external hard drive got your mouth more
memory their cost less okay I'm scared
well I bought it at Circuit City which
is going to business I am really really
scared you're scared I am scared not
scared i did not make the same mistake
as last time you're a crap whoa i
shoulda type of all run then make this
game slightly more interesting oh oh my
god i miss believe Miss nice to learn to
God if I miss gonna be so pissed off
who's there are more to go just a little
bit just a little bit dude don't you
give me that kind of language you know
wrong one yes okay okay one skill point
okay okay how much hope so yes okay